hey everybody today we're going to be
taking a look at the logitech g7 10
mechanical keyboard just released rather
announced on october ninth and my local
retailer just got these in and I figured
I'd take advantage of it because I've
been looking for a mechanical keyboard
and I do like logitech products i
currently have their g110 keyboard but
is a membrane keyboard and i've been
looking for a mechanical keyboard with
the macro keys on it and today we're
going to be doing a general unboxing
taking a look at it since this is a
newer product and seeing what it has in
store for us I will apologize since I'm
using my phone record I will have to use
one hand to try and open this you see if
i can get it open here again this is the
g series 7 10 slide that open with a
knife there excuse my arms the light
from the camera makes it look like i
haven't gotten out much lately then
again it is october so rather layak so
if it's actually halloween day today so
i suppose this is a nice halloween
present to myself I don't all fleet give
Halloween presence wherever you're
watching this from but I don't but I
figured this would be a special gift to
myself since this came from you
yesterday sorry about that let me just
get this open here for you so taking a
look when we open it up here we see the
keyboard in all of its glory we have the
macro keys right over there the grey key
cap wasds and the arrow keys not sure
why they put the arrow keys as gray caps
because you know who uses arrow keys to
move i don't i'm not bad but there's a
keyboard no stopper they're not sure
what that's for cardboard that's kind of
unnecessary looks like we have the
volume rocker and whatnot like on the g
110 and other logitech keyboards so you
take it out here
hidden underneath these panels are the
USB connectors this keyword does use I'm
just even get it there to USB connectors
I assume ones for power and then one is
for the keyboard data and whatnot itself
taken up keyboard we have this manual no
CDs anent don't really need a manual for
keyboard book and then we have the palm
rest it's like it attaches via some
plastic clips no CD so i presume
logitech wants me to go out and download
their Jiki software we have a little
built-in cable management thing will
velcro tie and again this is a quite a
thick USB cable here comes with again
two plugs so you can get the keyboard
open here missing something oh there it
is think maybe not maybe you know what
I'm just rip it and nobody got time
peel it off nicely so there is a
keyboard and the very thick cable
getting away and all of its glory as you
can see it's got a matte silver border
with a see if i can get a focus there a
shiny fingerprint magnet cover near the
keys and then we get the metallic border
on the outside and we have the g keys
interesting mechanical switches these
are our cherry MX browns again that's
the noise that the browns may not sure
these are for looks like you can't
really get it to focus brightness we
have the media keys play a pause stop
back forward caps lock gay and remote
mute the volume rocker that I never used
because he takes three years use the
volume rocker to make go up and down for
a noticeable difference you set the
macro key is one two three and then I
think that's a macro recording I think
this button turns off the windows keys
and then the orange border around the
macro keys not really sure what else
there is a show you on here on the back
you see the g7 10 plus a little bit of
cable management here available it has
grooves that assume four wires to you
know go between you and a computer hide
them to the key what a little bit we do
have the feet that raise up the keyboard
you prefer that on the keyboard is
backlit i forget what color does the
thing it might be blue back lights but
don't go online for pictures of that
that is my knee I apologize and yeah
that's a general overview um
here's the typing sounds again I was
here yep that's the logitech g7 10 plus
unboxing not much included just the
palmrest a set-up guide / manual ish
thing no CD included important
information not sure what's super
important about a keyboard class
information about the LEDs and whatnot
and then the super huge dick dual USB
port connector oh I forgot to mention
this does have one USB port right next
to the USB connector I thought there was
a second one somewhere looking around
the device here and I don't see it huh
that decide two USB ports on it name it
doesn't does not have I will note it
does not have any of the
three-and-a-half millimeter jacks on it
anywhere so you can't connect your
headset to it if you use
three-and-a-half millimeter but I never
did anyway so that's the overview of the
g7 10 plus